[OKTA-794136] Users deprecation (#5046)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/authenticators-okta-email/main/index.md

### Design overview

If you customize your self-service password recovery (SSPR) solution as described in the <StackSnippet snippet="custompwdguide" inline /> and also initiate password recovery using the [`/forgot_password` API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserCred/#tag/UserCred/operation/forgotPassword), you need to consider how your users interact with your magic links. Specifically, your design has the following attributes:

* The magic link `href` attribute in the **Forgot Password** template is updated to replace the `${resetPasswordLink}` variable with a URL string that contains the `otp` and `state` parameters using the `${oneTimePassword}` and `${request.relayState}` variables. For example, <StackSnippet snippet="callbackuriwithotpandstate" inline /> .

> * Your system supports password recovery using methods other than self-service password recovery. These methods include calling the [`/forgot_password` API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserCred/#tag/UserCred/operation/forgotPassword) with the `sendEmail` parameter sent to `true` or enabling password recoveries using the embedded Sign-In Widget. These methods send an email to the user with a magic link that is meant to continue the password recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your system supports password recovery using methods other than self-service password recovery. These methods include calling the [`/forgot_password` API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserCred/#tag/UserCred/operation/forgotPassword) with the `sendEmail` parameter sent to `true` or enabling password recoveries using the embedded Sign-In Widget. These methods send an email to the user with a magic link that continues the password recovery.
```
